Documentation for network headers capture (#36291)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/mdoc/en/sdk/data_collected/browser.mdoc.md

| `resource.provider.domain` | string | The resource provider domain.                                                                        |
| `resource.provider.type`   | string | The resource provider type (for example, `first-party`, `cdn`, `ad`, or `analytics`).                |

### Resource network headers

> For requests configured in `trackResourceHeaders`, additional network header metadata is automatically collected. See [`RumInitConfiguration.trackResourceHeaders`][16] for configuration details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `trackResourceHeaders` is enabled, the SDK automatically collects additional network header metadata. See [`RumInitConfiguration.trackResourceHeaders`][16] for configuration details.
```

| Attribute                   | Type   | Description                                                                                                              |
|-----------------------------|--------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `resource.request.headers`  | object | Request headers as key/value pairs (available only if `trackResourceHeaders` is enabled, for Fetch resources only).      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `resource.request.headers`  | object | Request headers as key-value pairs (available only if `trackResourceHeaders` is enabled, for Fetch resources only).      |
```

> | `resource.response.headers` | object | Response headers as key/value pairs (available only if `trackResourceHeaders` is enabled, for Fetch and XHR resources).  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `resource.response.headers` | object | Response headers as key-value pairs (available only if `trackResourceHeaders` is enabled, for Fetch and XHR resources).  |
```
